these are my brothers Jubilees and
tattoo
we like to chase each other and play
tick and this is our mother mama muta
she's always looking out for us making
sure we are safe the sun's watching
today
so mama's made us lie down to stay cool
it must be hard for mama looking after
three spotty cubs I wonder how she knows
who's home with all of our spots we all
look the same
it's been booming oh is it tattoo I
can't even tell which is which but
what's that
that's definitely not a cheetah that
looks like a willy fans with a man
inside jumper willy fans man mmm it's
dark and shady under the willy fans
maybe it will be cool in there
tattle belly look under there it's
really cool a shady hmm this is great oh
I was right
it's you lovely and cool here the man in
the Willie font which is what the
cheetahs call a car wonders what is
going on mama will be so pleased that
we're staying cold